# fahirataalaca.github.io

<h2> My Summary from the Pages 0-46 </h2>

<h4>Today I read the pages 0-46 from the book Develop​ in Swift
AP CS Principles. This is my summary about Unit 1 Values: Computer programs and computers work with inputs and outputs. Input is the information that we type in to to computer for the computer to process and give us information. The informstion that the computer gives us are outputs. Outputs can be understood by our sense organs. The information that is put and took out of the computer can be in diffrent types. For example if it contains numbers it could be a integer or if it contains text it could be a string. The information that computers process could also be called data. Data is a large pack which consist of seperate values. These values make up data and then, the data can be processed for the computer to inspect the values individually and come up with a solution. Also when typing in an input or when examining an output, specific naming and identifiers could be used. These elements would be used in a universal way which lets anyone undertand what the input or output is about, what is the goal of the input, why was the input typed in this specific way etc. For example instead of writing a numerical formula which calculates how fast a pool would fill up using a sink that has a specific flow rate, we could write the equation and then write what which numbers stand for in a string. Another topic covered in the book are constans and variables. They are both types of values. While constans have a value that is stable and is always the samei values of variables could change. Using all the values, data, input and outputs; computer programmers could build a simulation that works in for a solution of a unique problem. </h4>
